Code Quality Review
Author: Ben Keip
Date: 9-26-22
Sprint #2
File being reviewed: AbstractController.cs
Author of file being reviewed: Nick Trambitas and Kyle Hoefker

Code quality here is very strong. You can tell that the code was thought very well due to
the methods all having their own specific purpose, and handling different cases which
may occur in the game. For example, instead of simply haivng a way to add sprites to the
game with the method AddSprite, there is also a way to clean the sprite up by "killing" it.
This allows for easier trackage of objects in the game. There are only four fields declared in the class,
and all of them have the appropriate level of access declared as well as each having its own very
specific purpose.

One potential change I could see being made to the game is if you wanted to add a sprite that
attacked the player by hurling themselves at the player. Which AddSprite method would be used here, the one
with two parameters or one? There could easily be further examples of non-trivial enemies, and having to write
different AddSprite methods for each of these could be a bit tedious depending on if you needed to
pass in more paramaters of information you needed to know.



Code Quality Review
Author: Ben Keip
Date: 10-19-22
Sprint #3
File being reviewed: ProjectileAttack.cs and SwitchProjectile.cs
Author of file being reviewed: Kyle Hoefker

ProjectileSprite is very simple, which makes it easy to both use and understand.
It also follows the convention of our other commands, so there is definitely something to be
said for consistency. The same can be said with SwitchProjectile, it has very tight coupling and
provides a much needed functionality for our project, allowing Link to actually use all the items
in the game.
One thing I could see being changed, however, is the bomb animation frames. I'm not sure this
current implementation would work with it due to the bomb being animated differently, and additionally
I believe fire could be changed to an ISprite and not a projectile.